Added documentation for enabling DDOT Collector API refresh (#30699)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/configuration/secrets-management.md

datadog-agent secret refresh
```

> ### Enabling [DDOT collector](https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/setup/ddot_collector/) refresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling DDOT collector refresh
```
We shouldn't use links in header fields (also it wasn't rendering) an likely not needed here

If you are using DDOT collector and want to enable API/APP refresh you must add the following additional configuration to your `datadog.yaml` file:
```
agent_ipc:
  port: 5051
  config_refresh_interval: 3600
```

> This ensures the DDOT collector remains in-sync with the Agent after secrets are refreshed. Just like the Agent periodically verifies its configuration state, the DDOT collector uses this setting to regularly check for updated values from the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures the DDOT collector remains in-sync with the Agent after secrets are refreshed. Similar to how the Agent periodically verifies its configuration state, the DDOT collector uses this setting to regularly check for updated values from the Agent.
```
